Instructions for the project 

The project will have the following structure;  however you are free to deviate from that  

Business Problem
 
The Taxi and Limousine Commission (TLC) is in charge of the licensing and regulationg of NYC's taxi cabs, for hire vehicles, and paratransit vehicles.
We want to know if the weather (precipitation, the wind speed for 10 and 100 meters, and temperature) had an impact on the distant trip. Similarly we are looking for the correlation between the TRIPS and the temperature, and the dissent trip. We are also looking for the TLC and FHV trips from July until December. We want to keep track of the lacation and borough of each trip and if it has an added $15 due to being below the 60th line.  
 
 
Business Impact
 
 You will need to consider any risks, cost, and benefits that are related to this project.  How the persona, company will benefit from it? 
 
[It is useful if you can provide an estimated impact of your target/moonshot analysis. If things go exactly as planned, how much does your company beneﬁt? If things go much better than planned, how much does your company beneﬁt?]
 
 
Business Persona 
 
Who are going to be the people who use the system? Who are the actors of the system?  

Data
The data sources that you are going to use and the metadata associated with them. 
 
 
[Tell us (at least approximately) how large your dataset is. Highlight both the strengths and weaknesses of your dataset(s).]
 
 
Methods
In this section, we will highlight some of the key tools and elements of our tech stack that we will be using for this project. As we learn and build upon our skills during this program, we hope to add additional tools to this section and improve upon some of our initial assumptions.

Data Tools
Data Storage: What are the data storages that you are going to use.
 
Data Processing: How are you going to process/ingest the data? 
 
Data Orchestration: Are you using any type of tools to automate your data pipeline
 
Interface
The final interface will be a web-based application where the Persona can visualize the results.  People should be able also to connect to your  data using Tableau/PowerBI and do their own analysis.
